Okay,
guys.
So we've got a rhizomes in our list,
and then what we're gonna do is use that indirect function to build the cell,
reference that sheet on cell references to use a match function cause match is going to be
the middle parts of our formula.
So what I'm gonna do,
just for a second is just right.
Right?
A quick match.
Former So equals match open rackets.
And I want to look for this value comma.
I want to look for in BLT on.
I want to look for it in column A and I only find an exact match.
Andi,
close brackets Sago.
We can see the bacon appears at line seven.
Now,
I'm deliberately going to do this again because I'm going to see a subtle difference.
I'm just gonna right.
Exactly.
The same formula almost equals match.
I'm gonna look here.
I'm gonna hit comma there because someone the line of chilli con Carney,
I'm gonna slight chilli con Carney tab Select.
Sell a column a descended before comma zero.
Andi,
close brackets.
Okay,
so bacon doesn't appear in chilli con Carney,
but it appears at line seven in a B.
L t now woman do is delete the equals from each of these cells.
Okay,
so that is what the formula looks like without the equals.
You'll also notice that the common elements are the match open brackets Andi e for Aunt
comma in both instances,
So what I'm gonna do is delete everything up to that point.
Delete on,
delete everything up to the A on.
I'm gonna do exactly the same with this.
So everything there,
I'm going to delete Andi This last little bit over here I'm going to delete.
Then when we look at this,
they look pretty similar.
We have the sheet name in this instance an exclamation point in a cool on A But we do have
a slight difference here that we can see in chilli con Carney.
We can see that we have chilli con Carney apostrophe exclamation point,
A coal on a And if we actually looked at the cell value here,
you can see that we also have an apostrophe immediately before the name.
And that's a fundamental difference on the reason for that is on this cell on on this town
here,
BLT,
BLT are three characters that run concurrently with no spaces.
Therefore,
there is no need for the apostrophe.
But when you have a space in your sheet name automatically Excel will put an apostrophe
before the first word.
And after the last word on that's critical to consider when we build our string that we're
going to use in our formula.
So what we're gonna do now is build a string that matches this format precisely.
So here what we're going to do,
you say,
equals open quotes,
apostrophe.
There's our first apostrophe they were going to hit on.
And then we're gonna point to this cell over here because we're gonna be Dragon it this way
.
We always wanted to stay in column A but not necessarily online eight.
So I'm gonna hit at four,
but gives us absolute eight.
Absolute eight.
I'm gonna hit therefore again.
And then we have a absolute A's.
Andre.
Is it one more time because we always wanted in a but eight ca move Depend on where we drag
it up and down.
So now we have an apostrophe on their sheet name.
Then we're gonna hit on,
and then we're gonna add a next reports next possibly open quotes,
apostrophe,
then we can have that exclamation point because that's comp common between the two of them
.
A colon,
A l close quotes on his enter.
So they go now we have.
If I copy that here,
Andi away,
then they go.
You can see we've successfully built the exact cell reference that we're going to need to
reference when we use our match function.
Now,
you remember at the beginning that I said,
I'm not gonna also these.
I'm not going to change these.
That was for that reason.
So you can see what the full form that looks like.
So with these now,
I'm just going to release everything back to cottage high.
So I need to leave the apostrophe and,
you know,
I can't recall.
I don't think we do know.
So they go,
I'm just gonna delete everything back to the last word.
So here are our strings that we've built using this value over here on joining up.
Add in an apostrophe which must be in quotes,
use the and function.
Then we're gonna point to the south.
Then we're gonna open the quotes again.
Add on next apostrophe exclamation point on our A coal on a and closed the quotes off on.
That's how you build a string to give you a cell reference on.
The next thing we're going to do is add an indirect function to that.
So we're going to click in here.
We're gonna say indirect open brackets jump over to the end and then close the brackets.
Andi!
Kenta!
So I'm just going to copy that all the way down on D.
Don't worry about what it's doing at the moment,
because what we want to do is add a match to this.
So what we're gonna do is click before that and add much open rackets.
No,
I want to click on here because I want to look for bacon in each of our sheets.
Now I'm gonna hit therefore once,
Andi twice because we always want to be in line for,
but not necessarily always in column e.
When we drank this across so common,
here's where I'll look up array lives because we just built it from our string on said it
is an indirect cell reference.
So we just jump to the end Coma zero exact match.
Close brackets Andi,
enter and I'm just going to copy that all the way down.
Control and d away across control Onda are so they go.
We can never see that we have bacon appearing online.
Seven in a BLT.
It appears at line seven in for English Does it?
That's probably does his bacon in a full English breakfast in a B l T butter appears at
line 10.
Let's just check that butter is outlined.
10 and most definitely is.
So there you go.
Now what we have let me just central of that home Andi center.
Now what we've successfully done is we built a string.
We have turned that string into an indirect sheet on cell reference and then reviews that
in our match function.
Now,
the next thing we're gonna do is convert this to either zero or a one by testing for an era
.
But this is quite a long lecture at the moment.
So what we'll do is we'll call it a day from now on.
We'll get to that in the next lecture.
I'll see you there